&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Our senior design project is a web app that would be created to assist crypto miners with analyzing data from multiple mining pools and storing that data for long term analysis. This would be done so that miners would have a greater access to data that they could use to determine things such as profitability, fees, or any other forms of analysis they would like. Through long term analysis, we would be able to see any long-term patterns that form to determine if the information that these mining pools are giving to the general public are true. The goal would be to create a webapp that would display this information in a way that would be easy for miners to get any information they are curious about a mining pool.  
  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My college curriculum will be able to greatly help with the creation of this web app. Throughout my time at UC I have been able to learn a multitude of languages such as python and C++ that I will be able to apply to this project in the backend. I also have gained some knowledge of databases in my database class (CS4092) that I may be able to apply when I need to create a database for in data that we pull from the mining pools. I also may need to use statistics (STAT2037) to analyze the data that we receive to see if all the points that we gather give us statistically relevant information that can be applied to the needs of the miners.  
  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My role as a web developer with my co-op at Matco Tools will help me greatly in the creation of the webapp. Throughout my time at Matco Tools I have learned very valuable skills for both the front end and backend work. I have worked with a variety of different languages such as HTML, JavaScript, Java, JQuery, SQL, and more. I have also gained experience working on a multiple repository-based project in which there are many dependencies that span across multiple repositories. Another experience that will be applicable is team work over both remote and in person. Over the course of my time at Matco Tools, I have had to work in both an in office and remote situation, so I have experience with working with development in both scenarios.  
  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I am very motivated and excited to work on this specific project. I have always been somewhat interested in crypto mining and have personally mined myself. I feel that this project will help me to broaden my knowledge of the subject beyond my very shallow knowledge of “coin has value and value goes up or down”. I think that this knowledge will also serve me later in life as the specific values of crypto currencies grow as a possibility of being used in real life applications aside from just basic trading. I am also excited because if this project goes well, then this will be something that I will be able to use personally as a crypto miner. Working on a project that will give us a more practical application is something that I find more interesting than just generic research that I might not see any application come from it until years later.  
  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Our current preliminary approach is to connect to the API of the mining pools to pull data and store them in some form of long-term storage for analysis like a database. Then we would use that data to analyze the mining pools. The expected result of this would be a web app that miners would be able to use to see the analysis of these mining pools with more information than then base information that these pools. The analysis would also be able to view if they wished so that it was not hidden information. The way that we would be able to know that we have done a good job is that the web app is functioning, the analysis is correct, and everything is able to run somewhat bug free. As long as the practical applications of the webapp is working I believe that we could consider it a success even if the UI or design could use work.  
