# Austin Howard-Clark: Individual Capstone Assessment
## Introduction
In choosing a topic for our senior-design project, I hoped to find something that would interest me at all times of the day. I wanted to apply things I have learned from my experiences in life; from my first day in college to the hardest exams I have taken, from my first 5 nervous minutes of working in an office setting to all my co-workers knowing my name. After countless hours pondering topics and ideas, a project idea was created. With **Combined Mining**, my time spent at UC and through co-op at Honeywell Intelligrated would be joined. This project will test all areas of my education as I construct, program, and tinker away in creating something truly useful to anyone involved with blockchain technology or mining cryptocurrencies. The project will be a web application that displays an overview of crypto mining statistics from several mining pools. This will be especially useful for any miners who have machines working in different mining fields, or to anyone who is interested in the long-term patterns that will be visible from the data.


## College Curriculum
Throughout the design and construction of "Combined Mining", the college curriculum will be visible in my understanding of the technology I am working with. Knowledge gained from taking **EECE 3093C Software Engineering** will be fundamental as I devise a strategy for the grand design of the project. All documentation will be completed with the help of material covered in **ENGL 3071 Technical Writing**, which provided a basis for creating instructions and diagrams. Once the project is mapped out and planned. What I learned from **2040C Fundamentals of Web Development** is going to help dramatically with the implementation of the webapp, both frontend and backend. During my presentation **COMM 1071 Introduction to Effective Speaking**'s presence in the curriculum will help convey the information clear and professionally. Combined the education obtained from the curriculum will allow me to tackle the issue of design and quickly move on to prototyping and implementation.

## Co-op Experiences
My time spent working for **Honeywell Intelligrated** over the past 4 years will prove invaluable in the development of my senior-design project. I was able to work on a wide variety of projects while at Honeywell and learned a lot about Linux, Shell Scripting, Web Development, and Customer Service. By working closely with customers as they called in for help to troubleshoot issues, I now have a better understanding of what a new user would experience when seeing the webapp for the first time. This will prove helpful in the construction of User Stories and Design Diagrams. The information I learned about Linux and Shell Scripting will be the core of the knowledge I am using while configuring the web server and necessary scripts for the project. Having setup a web server for my department at Honeywell, I will utilize this learned skill to ensure the web app is functional. All together the skills acquired while on coop will play a huge role in the success of this project.

## Motivation
Designing and constructing a web interface to provide an overview of my crypto mining hobby has always been a project on my bucket list. With that in mind I am very motivated to bring it to life, as it will be used personally every day and provide a very valuable interface for any miner. Creating an application with practical uses appeals to me much more than a research project with no immediate uses. I am also looking forward to increasing my knowledge of blockchain technology while working on this project. I believe that this will assist me later in life as we continually see blockchain technology applications being created. I do not know of any other mining overview web apps, and believe this project has a lot of value as well. This will help keep my motivation high throughout the duration of its design and creation.

## Preliminary Project Approach
To start, data will need to be collected from mining pools through their APIs. This data will need to be stored for analysis (short & long term), meaning a database will need to be constructed. We will need to identify all important information that crypto miners/blockchain analyst will need to construct this database. Once a prototype of the backend is created, we will construct reports from this data. The database will also need to be updated periodically to provide the most accurate and reliable data, so automated backend scripts will need to be made to ensure this. The result will be a web application which miners or data analyst can use to view short and long terms trends related to their data. This will include things such as profitability, block difficulty, hash rate, and comparisons between mining pools. Additionally features such as control of miners could be implemented. I will consider the project a success if there is a clean, bug free web interface to view data from multiple mining pools collectively. 







