Major Project Constraints.md, before:

Economic cost: cost of raspberry pi and/or AWS web server    
There is an economic cost for setting up both the Raspberry Pi and the Web Server. It is unknown if the department will give us any form of grant money so we will have to pay for 
this out of pocket. The actual cost could be anywhere from $100 – $200 by the end of the project. This is a constraint due to the actual hardware to host our web server. 
Most of the other things that we will need are readily available via freeware and opensource software.    
    
Technical: experience working with raspberry pi and APIs
There is a technical constraint on working with raspberry pis and APIs as Steven has not had any experience working with the two before. 
Austin has had some experience working with raspberry pis before, but has not worked with either the ethermine or nanopool APIs. 
This will be a constraint because it applies a learning curve on us before we are able to effectively work on the project.    
    
Legal: possible cease and desist orders or legal concerns if we cause issues for mining pools by releasing mining data    
There is a possible legal constraint because of the possibility of a cease and desist if the information that we provide through our project causes any form of 
harm to the possible profits of the mining pool. There is a possibility that the information that we find through the API might have conflicting information
to what they publicly display for instance, causing them to lose profits as miners find it out. 
There could also be a possibility that they don’t want to publicly display API information that is easy for others to see and decide that 
their pool is not as good as another.

Commit message:

Added Time Constraint & added markdown formatting

Major Project Constraints.md, after:

# Major Constraints
## Economic Cost:
There is an economic cost for setting up both the Raspberry Pi and the Web Server. It is unknown if the department will give us any form of grant money so we will have to pay for this out of pocket. The actual cost could be anywhere from $100 – $200 by the end of the project. This is a constraint due to the actual hardware to host our web server. Most of the other things that we will need are readily available via freeware and opensource software.    

## Time:
With a deadline of April 2022, time is a major constraint on the success of this project. Less time will be available to prototype the project, and add features while still being able to work out bugs along the way. Other classes will continue during the semester as well, making time management crucial. The goal is to work on the project for 8-12 hours each week/weekend during the Spring 2022 semester. This will provide adequate time to test the web app and fix any major bugs.

## Professional/Technical Expertise:
There is a technical constraint on working with raspberry pis and APIs as Steven has not had any experience working with the two before. Austin has had some experience working with raspberry pis before, but has not worked with either the ethermine or nanopool APIs. This will be a constraint because it applies a learning curve on us before we are able to effectively work on the project.    

## Ethical/ Legal:   
There is a potential legal constraint because of the possibility of a cease and desist if the information that we provide through our project causes any form of harm to the possible profits of the mining pool. There is a possibility that the information that we find through the API might have conflicting information to what they publicly display for instance, causing them to lose profits as miners find it out. There could also be a possibility that they don’t want to publicly display API information that is easy for others to see and decide that their pool is not as good as another.
